fix: update LogRetentionDays from master config when master starts/upgrades (#9930)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes/fix-master-log-retention-days.rst

:orphan:

**Bug Fixes**

> -  API/Tasks: Fix bug where a master-configured ``log_retention_days`` value is not applied to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- API/Tasks: Fix a bug where a master-configured ``log_retention_days`` value is not applied to
```

>    experiments and tasks. Now, newly created experiments will apply the master-configured value, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
experiments and tasks. Now, the master-configured value is correctly applied to new experiments, and 
```

>    all pre-existing experiments will be subjected to the configured ``log_retention_days``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all pre-existing experiments will also follow the specified ``log_retention_days``.
```
